# Lilly Technical Challenge Documentation Template

*This documentation template serves as a place for you to discuss how you approached this challenge, any issues you faced & how you overcame them, or any other points that you feel would be relevant for the interviewers to know. The text in italics is here to guide you - feel free to remove it once you fill out each section!*

***Not every section in this document is required. This is just a template to help get you started. Feel free to add or remove sections as you feel necessary.***

## Approach
*How did you approach this challenge? Did you work through the objectives in any particular order? If so, why? Did you utilize any external resources, such as tutorials, guides, or other materials?*
I worked through the challenge in the manner they were presented as I had evaluated that to be the best in this project. I first started with fetching the data and displaying it in a very crude way on the website, I then created a solution for the missing/invalid data within my frontend code so that the data displayed correctly. After both of these were done, I created a user-friendly way to fetch the data from the backend, with the usage of creating forms and buttons that a user can use to hit the various API routes that I was provided. I then took what I had and re-designed the website using frontend components that I had built in my previous projects on Figma as I had previously worked on a very similar dashboard design. After all of these were done I then created the "average" API route that calculated the average price of all the medicines for the quarterly report.

When making these I did not need any particular external resources as I found the task to be quite straightforward, other then some slight googling to remind myself on HTML and some CSS, I didn't use any other resource.

## Objectives - Innovative Solutions
*For the challenge objectives, did you do anything in a particular way that you want to discuss? Is there anything you're particularly proud of that you want to highlight? Did you attempt some objectives multiple times, or go back and re-write particular sections of code? If so, why? Use this space to document any key points you'd like to tell us about.*

I would like to believe that the way that I handled erraneous data was particularly elegant, with my code checking if the type of "price" is undefined which it then allowed me to display "Price not available" for the particular medicines that were impacted by this. I also think the way I handled completely wrong data, such as medicines with no name, was also quite good, as it clearly displays in the frontend the number of valid and invalid medicines that were found when certain API routes were hit and skips displaying completely incorrect medicines.

## Problems Faced
*Use this space to document and discuss any issues you faced while undertaking this challenge and how you solved them. We recommend doing this proactively as you experience and resolve the issues - make sure you don't forget! (Screenshots are helpful, though not required)*.

I did not run into any particular problems while solving the challenge, the main one in my opinion was the restriction on base JavaScript, HTML and CSS. I have alot more proficiency working under React.js and TailwindCSS so I had to remind myself back to when I used to work with vanilla JS, HTML and CSS as I had not done so in quite a long time. Other than that, I attempted to create a regex system to check for the inputs to the API routes, but then quickly realized that, that was already handled by the backend as it would return an error object with a message if the data provided was inadaquate or wrong, so instead of using my regex system I just used the error message provided instead.

## Evaluation
*How did you feel about the challenge overall? Did some parts go better than others? Did you run out of time? If you were to do this again, and were given more time, what would you do differently?*

Overall I found the task to be quite straightforward as it was a very barebones dashboard page made to clearly demonstrate how to hit an API route and display its data. I did not run out of time and was able to complete all the bullet points without much trouble, if I were to do this again and be given more time I would definitely prefer to use a frontend framework like React.js leverageing TailwindCSS to make the website more reactive and components better looking. I would also be able to spend a lot more time on design and provide a better UI/UX to the user instead of something very barebones which would take a long time to do in vanilla JS. I would also like to expand onto the API even further, by creating a relational database instead of a simple JSON file, so that I can have more fields to work with like for example, the date that a certain medicine was created, the number of times a medicine was sold and etc, these newly created fields would then allow me to expand the API even further and introduce filters to them so that a user can filter a medicine by a certain metric. To summarize, I found the challenge fine and the time for it was enough for a full completion.